Documentation for the VirtualKeyboard API (#22949)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/virtualkeyboard/boundingrect/index.md

---
title: VirtualKeyboard.boundingRect
slug: Web/API/VirtualKeyboard/boundingRect
page-type: web-api-instance-property
tags:
  - API
  - Property
  - Reference
  - VirtualKeyboard
  - boundingRect
  - Experimental
browser-compat: api.VirtualKeyboard.boundingRect
---

{{APIRef("VirtualKeyboard API")}}{{SeeCompatTable}}

The **`boundingRect`** property of the VirtualKeyboard interface contains a {{domxref("DOMRect")}} which indicates the position and size of the on-screen virtual keyboard which overlays the web page.

> An on-screen virtual keyboard can overlay the viewport in which a web page is displayed when the VirtualKeyboard API is used to prevent the browser from resizing the viewport automatically. To learn more about this, see {{domxref("VirtualKeyboard_API", "Virtual Keyboard API")}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The on-screen virtual keyboard will overlay the viewport when the {{domxref("VirtualKeyboard_API", "Virtual Keyboard API", "", "nocode")}} is used to prevent the browser from resizing the viewport automatically. This is done by setting the {{domxref("VirtualKeyboard.overlaysContent", "overlaysContent")}} property to `false`.
```

## Value

A {{domxref("DOMRect")}} which indicates the position and size of the virtual keyboard in the viewport.

> The `x`, `y`, `width`, and `height` coordinates of the rectangle are useful to re-position content in the webpage that needs to be visible even when the virtual keyboard is displayed.

Reviewer: "re-position" -> "reposition"
